Java SDK: Clearer error when a task class cannot be instantiated (#69827)
apache/airflow: airflow-core/docs/authoring-and-scheduling/language-sdks/java.rst

Implement the ``Task`` interface directly for full control over how tasks are registered and how XComs are
read.  Each task is registered as a ``TaskDef`` on a ``DagDef``.

> 
> The runner creates a fresh instance of the task class through reflection for every task-instance run,
> which puts three constraints on the class:
> 
> * It must be concrete: not abstract and not an interface.
> * It must declare a public no-argument constructor.
> * If nested inside another class, it must be a ``static`` nested class.
> 
> A class that violates any of these fails at runtime with a ``Cannot instantiate task class`` error in the
> task log.

Reviewer: Package-private task classes still fail with `IllegalAccessException`. Add class visibility to the constraints and mirror `public` in the runtime error.

```suggestion
The runner creates a fresh instance of the task class through reflection for every task-instance run,
which puts four constraints on the class:

* The task class itself must be ``public``.
* It must be concrete: not abstract and not an interface.
* It must declare a public no-argument constructor.
* If nested inside another class, it must be a ``static`` nested class.

A class that violates any of these fails at runtime with a ``Cannot instantiate task class`` error in the
task log.
```
